BARRY: What does the fastest man alive do on his day off? Before the lightning..., ...if I wasn't still at the lab, I'd be at home chilling. Now my days off are different. Now they aren't so lonely. The lightning didn't just give me speed..., ...it also gave me friends.

CAITLIN: This isn't remotely anatomically correct. 

BARRY: That's not the point, Dr. Snow.

CAITLIN: Then what is the point?

BARRY: To have fun.

WELLS: And to continue your ongoing training. We're testing the speed of your mind by pushing your ability to multitask.

BARRY: I'm waiting on you, Dr. Wells.

MAN [OVER RADIO]: One hundred eighty-two seconds, gentlemen.

Driver 1: Heads up. I think we got something. ... Two-eleven. Two-eleven. We're being robbed.

MAN: Hey, cool it. A hundred fifty-eight seconds to go.

WELLS: Checkmate.

BARRY: Wait, checkmate?

WELLS: Checkmate. I guess we still have a few things left to learn, don't we, Mr. Allen?

[COMPUTER BEEPING]

CISCO: Armed robbery at Fourth and Kolins.

BARRY: For the record, I crushed it in Operation and Ping-Pong.

[GAME BUZZES]

CAITLIN: It's not as easy as it looks.

BARRY: Where's the nearest hospital?

CAITLIN: St. Andrews. Seven blocks north, two east.

BARRY: Call the ER, tell them they have an incoming GSW.

A policeman: I want this locked up all the way to the end of the block.

EDDIE: Tow truck was stolen. The armored car driver is in stable condition, though no one's sure how he got there.

JOE: Did you check the security cameras?

EDDIE: Camera storage drive was stolen. Guys are pros. 

JOE: Everything's still here. Including what I think they're after. The Kahndaq Dynasty diamond. It was on its way to Central City Museumfor exhibition.

EDDIE: Right. Iris was trying to talk me into going. I'm not much of a museum guy, but she really wants to do something...., I'm just gonna walk away now.

BARRY: Sorry, captain, I was at the hospital visiting a friend.

BARRY: There's nothing missing. It looks like someone interrupted the robbery.

Leader: Guard says there was three of them.

BARRY: Actually, it was four. I mean that's how many I would bringif I were doing a robbery of this nature. That's definitely a four-guy truck. A driver, two more to cover the guards..., ...and somebody used liquid nitrogen to open this door, so four bad guys.

Leader: Thank you, Mr. Allen,for your brilliant insight.

JOE: For somebody so fast, you're slow on the improvising. Did you see anything that can help us catch these guys?

BARRY: Yeah. One of them lost his mask I saw his face.

JOE: Look at these mug shots of Central City's most wanted. See if you can find--

BARRY: That's him.

JOE: Damn. Leonard Snart.

BARRY: "Leonard"? That's almost as bad as "Bartholomew."

JOE: Snart ain't sexy either. Snart's father was a cop. A bad cop. Took his anger out on his kids,till he went to prison. 

BARRY: Snart's dad is in prison too? We should start a club.

JOE: He shows up, like, every six months. He cases a job for weeks before he makes his move. Then he does a job, gets away.

BARRY: That's before the Streak was around.

JOE: Did you just refer to yourself in the third person?

BARRY: I referred to the Streak. I've been thinking of a new name. What do you think about the Flash?

IRIS: Coffee break. Thought I'd bring Central City's finest java over to Central City's finest.

JOE: Thanks, I'm off caffeine.

IRIS: My dad's been mad ever since I told him about me and Eddie.

BARRY: No, you mean he's mad at you because you didn't tell him.

IRIS: Uh, that sounds like you're taking his side. You know his "I'm not talking to you..., ...but I have a bag full of judgmental looks I'll try on you later"? 

BARRY: I've been on the receiving end of those a few times. Speaking of communications, or lack thereof... , ...after all these journalism classes, I got an idea.

BARRY: Huh.

IRIS: I started a blog.

BARRY: What's it about? Your brownie obsession? You shouldn't broadcast that.

IRIS: No. Something important. SomethingCentral City needs to know about: The Streak. He's out there, Barry. Rumor has it he stopped an armed car robbery earlier.

BARRY: -Heh.

IRIS: I was hoping I could take a look at the file--

BARRY: I'm not at liberty to discuss an ongoing police investigation with you.

IRIS: Since when, Mr. Blabbermouth?

BARRY: Take it from someone who's been studyingthe impossible since they were 11. Blogging about this, it's gonna bring the crazies to your door.

IRIS: My blog is anonymous. 

BARRY: Anonymous or not, it's not safe. You never know what kind of weirdoes are out there on the Internet.

FELICITY: I can vouch for that. The Internet is full of weirdoes, and nerd rage. Lots and lots of nerd rage.

[BARRY CHUCKLES]

FELICITY: Hi. Felicity Smoak.

IRIS: Iris West.

BARRY: Barry Allen. But you both already knew that. Uh, Felicity is--. 

IRIS: The girl that you met in Starling City. The computer-er, right? You two worked on one of Barry's unexplainable cases.

FELICITY: Which, long story short, was definitely explainable. So the lightning came through here?

BARRY: Yeah.

ROBBER A: There's been some rumors the last few weeks. People seen a red blur tearing through the streets. What the hell is it, man?

ROBBER B: Maybe it was a drone. Some top-secret army thing.

snart: when i was a kid..., ...my grandfather used to take my sister and me to this diner, the motor car. food was for crap, but the view was great. right across from the central city precinct. i still go there. i listen to their radios, i learn their response times. there are 40 banks in central city..., ...each of them within 60 seconds of police response. that's the advantage of hitting a moving target. once the armored car called 911..., ...we had 182 seconds before any cop could be on the scene. No one could've gotten there fast enough to stop us, but something did. and you lost your cool. you know the rules. we don't shoot guards or cops, unless it's the only option. we don't need the heat.

ROBBER A: the heat? what the hell do you think the blur is, snart? you're right. screw this, screw you. i'm out.

[grunts]

SNART: well, if you're out, you're out. this blur..., ...is a man. we're gonna have to up our game.

FELICITY: iris seems very nice. and really pretty, like super pretty. congratulations.

BARRY: iris isn't my girlfriend. she's just a friend..., ...who actually has a boyfriend.

FELICITY: oh. that's interesting. i guess. 

BARRY: what are you really doing here?  i mean, it's good to see you..., but do you and oliver need something --? 

FELICITY: no. no, i came because i wanted to see you. i-- heh. i heard you're out of the coma. didn't call. didn't write. didn't race over....

BARRY: oliver told you?

FELICITY: Honestly, I heard you two talking on that rooftop in Starling City that night. [CHUCKLES] I wanna see it. And by "it" I mean your speed. In case you thought I was talking about something else, which I was not.

BARRY: Uh, okay, you see that building? 

FELICITY: Uh-huh. 

BARRY: Keep your eyes on it.

FELICITY: Whoo-hoo! You took a picture of me? From the top of that building?-Yeah. Don't Instagram that. Unbelievable. 

BARRY: Heh. 

Your shoes are smoking!

BARRY: That's fine, it happens sometimes. That's why I have a friction-proof suit.

FELICITY: Where did you get that?

BARRY: I'll show you.

This is where my team monitorsthe police bands for activity.
We can track anything that's happening.Check this out:
-We've got our own satellite.-I know.
-I've hacked into it from time to time.BARRY: Rude.
It is, of course, so wonderfulto see you again, Felicity.
I'm just wondering how much ofour operation she needs to know about.
I'm really good at keeping secrets.
-Felicity works for the Arrow.-Sweet.
And you, apparently, are not.
Now it's all making sense.You know who the Arrow is.
Wait.
Do you know who the Arrow is?
Uh....
Let's just say that my team has a similarsetup but with more pointy objects.
WELLS:Welcome, Miss Smoak.
FELICITY:Dr. Wells?
The Dr. Wells?
Please call me Harrison, Felicity.
You know who I am?
Ranked second in the National InformativeTechnology competition at age 19.
Graduated MIT with master's degreein cyber security and computer sciences.
I know who you are.
I keep an eye out for promising talentin scientific fields.
That's what brought me Cisco and Caitlin.
And I foresaw...
...great things from you.
Speaking of great things...
...wanna see something cool?
-How fast can he run?-He hasn't reached his top speed yet...
...theoretically speaking.
-So is he really okay?-His heart rate is in normal range for him.
No, I mean,the lightning bolt changed him.
Do any of you really know how much?
We know a fair amount.
If everything about him is sped up,is he gonna age faster?
What would happen if he ran too fast?Would he just be running...
...and then poof, he's dustin a red costume?
Everything we do here, at S.T.A.R. Labs,is to protect Barry Allen.
Trust us, Felicity,he is in very good hands here.
BARRY:Wanna see how fast I can run backwards?
[CRASHING]
Don't worry. He heals quickly too.
Ah, I don't get it.Why would Snart come here?
Snart's been deterred before...
...but once he goes after something,he doesn't stop until he gets it, ever.
Joe, I want you to knowthat I'm really serious about Iris.
She's an amazing woman.I can really see myself--
Did I ever tell you about that wild nightI had my last day of college?
I don't think so. No.
Not even after we kicked back a few beersafter work?
We've never done that.
Oh, right.Those are things I do with my friends.
Since we've never done those things,we ain't friends.
So there's absolutely no reason I needto know about your dating life.
I just don't want my personal relationshipwith your daughter to affect our...
-...working relationship.-It ain't about you, Eddie. It's about her.
So as long as we don't talk aboutyou and her...
...we will be cool.
Maybe we should just listen to the radio.
[PERCY SLEDGE'S "WHEN A MANLOVES A WOMAN" PLAYING ON RADIO]
When a man loves a woman
[MARVIN GAYE'S "LET'S GET IT ON"PLAYING ON RADIO]
Let's get it on
[MUSIC STOPS]
Quiet is good.
Hey, you two.
We're not a two.
-Oh. No. We're a one and one.-Yeah.
Has Barry been showing yousome of the sights in Central City?
Yes. Um, I have seensome pretty amazing things.
Really?
Well, if you got some time...
...maybe we can show yousome of Central City's nightlife.
Oh. No. I get plentyof nightlife in Starling City.
This is something that I don't thinkthat you're gonna wanna miss.
Trivia Night at Jitters.
Eddie's not really excited about it, I admit,but could be our night, guys.
Our night to win $75 worth of cappuccinos.
Uh, yum.
I'm gonna go call work, check in,make sure everything's okay.
-I'll be back in a second.-Okay.
-Why are you doing this?-Doing what?
Trivia Night with you and Eddie,forcing this double-date thing.
Because that girl is great.
And she happens to come from yourvery rare species of adorable nerds.
-Why didn't you tell me more about her?-There's nothing to tell.
She's just a friend.
Barry, girls don't just hop on trainsand travel hundreds of miles...
...to see someone that they don't like.See, this is why you need my help.
Bring her tonight. We'll have fun.
Yeah.
Fun.
You wanted state-of-the-art, Snart.I bring you state-of-the-art, my good sir.
-What's this?-It might not look like much...
...but never judge a book by its cover,you know?
Fires highly-concentratedcombustible liquid fuel...
...that ignites on contact with the air.
I don't need to heat things up.
I need to slow them down.
MAN: That's the one then.You're drawn right to it.
Stolen from S.T.A.R. Labsafter the incident, heh...
...with nothing but the skeletonsecurity crew to guard the tech inside.
[WHIRRING]
Emits some sort of substance,not sure what it is, like a white flame.
But it's not hot, it's cold.
SNART: Glasses look like they're madeof the same tech. What are they for?
Glare. You'll see.
Who else knows you took this?
Just us.
No, just me.
Sorry, pal.
Party people,who's ready to get their trivia on?
[ALL CHEERING]
Everybody, welcome.We got some new challengers.
Please welcome E = MC Hammer.
[ALL CHEER THEN BARRY LAUGHS]
I did it because E = MC squared isEinstein's formula for kinetic energy, right?
And, you know, "Can't touch this."
That's great, Barry.
So where is Felicity?
I'm not sure.
I told her it started at--
Feel free to buy yourself that dress.
-Heh. Totally overdressed for Trivia Night.-No, you look amazing.
Yeah, you do.
"E = MC Hammer."
[CHUCKLES]
-It's funny. Ha, ha.-See?
It wasn't until 1852when the transcontinental railroad...
...laid their tracksthrough this thriving cattle town...
...that we became officially incorporated.
That same year the worst flood this areahas ever seen hit.
But from that disaster rose Central City'sgreatest hero:
Cattle rancher Bobby "Bovine" McFeely.
Bovine McFeely saved 17 cowsfrom the great flood.
SNART:Hey, kid. Gum?
And now for the exhibitI'm sure you've all come here to see...
...the historic Kahndaq Dynasty diamond.
Be careful. Get too close and you'll set offthe proximity alarms.
Wouldn't want to do that.
[PHONE LINE RINGING]
[CHATTERING]
-Three is Pasteur.FELICITY: Mm-mm.
-Three is Erdel, and four is Pasteur.-Right.
FELICITY:Five?
-Descartes.-Descartes.
Are they even speaking English?
[BELL DINGS]
And the points go to E = MC Hammer.
-Yeah. All right. Ha, ha.-Ha-ha-ha.
I knew you two would make a good team.
-So, Felicity, what do you do?-I work in computer sciences...
-...at Queen Consolidated.-Really?
Do you have a boyfriend in Starling City?
Um, no. No, there is no one.
I'll get us more drinks.
And I had too many of those first ones,so I will be right back.
-What?-Dude.
"Dude"? What--?
Are you still gonna tell meshe's not into you? Look at that dress?
And when I asked herthe boyfriend question, she froze.
Yeah, you're particularly sly with that one.
Felicity is smart, nice and pretty.
And most importantly she is the first girlthat I have seen you with...
...that understands and appreciates youfor the amazing person...
...that I am always telling you that you are.
She's perfect for you.
So, what are you waiting for, Barry?
WELLS:How long has it been missing?
I don't know.
I'm gonna ask you again, Cisco.
And when I do...
...I expect a more specific answerthan "I don't know."
Now, how long has this weapon been gone?
A day.
Maybe two. One janitor didn't show upfor work this morning.
He was probably the one who took it.I didn't think that--
You didn't think.
Because if you had,you would've discussed with me first...
...your desire to build somethingthat could hurt anyone, and in particular...
...Barry Allen.
I'm sorry.
If you just let me explain--
You know how I feel about weapons, Cisco,they do not belong in S.T.A.R. Labs.
Now, you're gonna figure out a wayto locate this gun...
...and you're gonna do it right now.
This thing you built...
...what can it do?
Bad stuff.
You said to callif there was anything suspicious.
This guy went through the tour twice.Nobody does that.
This is Detective West, I have a visualon Leonard Snart at the museum.
Requesting immediate backup.
[BUZZER BUZZES]
I'm sorry. I thought I knew it.I got excited, and I just hit it.
Maybe they'll get it wrong too.
Oh, yeah, I'm sure that the teamnamed Pride and Padawans...
...doesn't know the name of Han Solo's ship.
-Yeah!-Yeah!
Oh, honey, you are so cutewhen you're confused.
[CELL PHONE BEEPING]
Someone spotted Snart. I gotta go.
-I'll cover for you.-What will you say?
I tell people Oliver's at a night clubor nursing a hangover.
-None of which will work for me.-Bad stomach ache. Diarrhea.
-I'm not comfortable with that excuse.-Just go.
Stay safe.
And I'm talking to air now, which is odd.
I'm still doing it.
Snart!
[SIREN WAILING]
[PEOPLE SCREAMING]
-You okay?FLASH: Aah!
It burns.
Time for a test run.
Let's see how fast you are.
[GRUNTING]
FLASH:No!
No.
-It's still numb.-It's like third-degree frostbite.
-I thought he had hyper-healing-It's been slowed.
If your cells weren't regeneratingat the rate they are...
...your blood vessels would'vefrozen solid.
The nerve damage would've beenpermanent. You're lucky to be alive.
Snart wasn't another metahuman.
He has some kind of gun. It froze things.It slowed me down.
Enough that I wasn't able to save someone.
According to his records,Snart didn't even finish high school.
So how did he builda handheld, high-tech snow machine?
S.T.A.R. Labs built the cold gun.
Dr. Wells and Caitlinhad nothing to do with this.
I built the gun.
You did?
-Why?-Because speed and cold are opposites.
Temperature is measured by how quicklythe atoms of something are oscillating.
Faster they are, the hotter it is. When thingsare cold, they're slower on the atomic level.
-When there's no movement, it's called---Absolute zero.
CISCO:Yeah.
I designed a compact cryo-engineto achieve absolute zero.
I built it to stop you.
I didn't know who you were then, Barry.
I mean, what if you turned outto be some psycho, like Martin or Nimbus?
But I didn't, did I?
We built the entire structure you'restanding in to do good, and it blew up.
You can understand why Ciscowould wanna be prepared for the worst.
I can understand that,but what I can't understand is...
...why you didn't tell me what you did.
After all we've been through, I thoughtyou trusted me. I thought we were friends.
-We are, Barry.-If you had just told me...
...I could've been prepared.
But instead someone died tonight.
And I have to live with that.
No, Cisco, we all do.
MAN [ON TV]: Theater-goers remain shakenafter surviving tonight's bizarre attack....
The news, are you okay?
I'm fine.
How long is this gonna go on?
Seems like the cold treatmentis going around.
-Not now, Iris, please?-Yes, now.
You did the same thing when I signed upfor the police academy without telling you.
You didn't speak to me for weeks,not until I withdrew my application.
Well, I am not withdrawing this time, Dad.
I am dating Eddie,whether you like it or not.
-Eddie is my partner.-I know.
But you don't know. You're not a cop. Youdon't know what having a partner means.
Wherever I go, he goes.
And where I go isn't always safe, Iris.
I need to be 100 percent focused.
Now there's a part of methat isn't focused...
...that doesn't see Eddie as my partner,but as your boyfriend.
So if he gets hurt...
...or worse, and I'm there...
...how am I gonna look at you?
How are you gonna look at me?
Now, I'm not mad at you.
But that's why this is so hard for me.
Do you understand?
SNART: We're going back tonight.-Back where?
To the museum.That diamond isn't gonna steal itself.
Super-gun freeze your brain, Snart?
The museum will be crawling with policeand the Streak.
This can stop the Streak. It hurt him.
And I know his real weakness, so we go.
-Unless you want out.-We both want out. Alive.
So you thought I hadn't made a plan.
At least I taught you something.
So, what are you waiting for? Shoot me.
You better put a bullet in my brainright now because if you don't...
...if I ever see either one of you again....
You don't get it, do you?This blur is out there.
Central City ain't your playground anymore.
Sure it is.
FELICITY:Barry.
Barry.
[PANTING]
What are you doing?
You should get back to your hotel.
-Get some sleep.-You should too.
Not go back to my hotel,I meant get some sleep.
I can't.
Every time I close my eyes,I see that man's face.
I watched him die.
I have to go faster.
Barry, it's not your fault.
And it's not Cisco's either.
I know you're upset, but you haveto look at this from his point of view.
No, I get it. He didn't trust me.
Barry, when you met us...
...me, Oliver and Dig,we were this well-oiled archery machine...
...but it didn't start out that way.And unlike you guys...
...we weren't tossed together overnight,we came together one at a time.
It took much more than watching Oliverdo the salmon ladder to make me trust him.
[SIGHS]
I've seen firsthand what this lifecan do to people.
It's a lonely path.
Don't make it any lonelier than it has to be.
GUARD:Freeze!
SNART:Wanna end up like that door?
Hi there.
I figured out a way to track Captain Cold.
You gotta stop naming these guys.
Barry, listen to him.
How?
CISCO: The cold gunis powered by an engine-control unit.
A microcomputer that regulatesair to fuel ratio...
...so the sub-cooled fluid in the chambersdon't overflow and--
-Explode.-Right.
This ECU was receiving updates wirelesslyfrom my tablet.
If I boost the signalusing Central City's network...
...and send a false update,we'll get a ping back and then--
We can locate Snart.
How long will it take?
Uh, first, I have to hack into thecity's network, so 30 minutes maybe?
FELICITY:I can do it in less than one.
When it comes to hacking,I'm the fastest woman alive.
Ah! That was not as badass as I pictured.
-All right, I'm in.-Are you kidding?
All right, I'm sending the updates.
-We're connected.-Network is triangulating the location.
We got him. He's heading west on Nelsontoward the train station.
If he's leaving, it appearsMr. Snart may have gotten what he came for.
When we put our minds to it, dude,nothing can stop us.
Oh, you turned your earpiece off.How are we gonna talk to each other?
I don't feel talking right now.
DISPATCHER [OVER RADIO]:Suspect spotted at Central City train station.
We got Snart.
-Wait here for backup.-Wait for backup? No way.
That's an order.
You should go after Barry.
-You heard him, Felicity.-He wants to do this alone.
Of course he said that. He's hurt.
You're his team and his friends.
If I had a nickel for every time the Arrowtold me to back off, I'd be as rich as Oliver.
Who I mention because he'sthe richest person I know, or used to be.
The point is...
...you have your partner's back.No matter what.
I have something that might help.
[PEOPLE SHRIEK]
I'm your partner, not your assistant.
There's nowhere to run.
I didn't see you before.
Your mom know you're outpast your bedtime?
If you wanted to get away, you should'vetaken something faster than a train.
That's if I wanted to get away.
I've seen your weakness.
At the armored car, then at the theater.
So while you're busy saving everybody,I'll be saving myself.
[PASSENGERS SCREAMING]
Good luck with that.
[COLD GUN WHINES]
Pretty fast, kid.
But not fast enough.
SNART:Thank you.
-For what?-You forced me to up my game.
Not only with this gun,but with how I think about a job.
It's been educational.
CISCO:Drop it.
[COLD GUN POWERS UP]
This is a prototype cold gun,four times the size, four times the power.
I was wondering who you were talking to.
Hey, unless you wanna tasteyour own medicine, I'd back the hell up.
Your hands are shaking.You've never killed anyone.
There's a first time for everything,Captain Cold.
I will shoot you.
You win, kid.
I'll see you around.
Hey, leave the diamond.
Don't push your luck.
I couldn't shoot him if I wanted to.
This is actually the S.T.A.R. Labsvacuum cleaner.
[CHUCKLES]
With a lot of LEDs.
Let's get you warm.
Thank you.
We've been trying to track Snart...
...but he must've disconnectedthe signal somehow.
We'll find him, Cisco.
Together.
FELICITY:You have a great team here, Barry.
Speaking of teams...
...I should probably get back to mine.
It's nice meeting you, Miss Smoak.
Please extend a hello to the Arrow for us.
I will.
Bye, Felicity.
Bye, Barry.
Remarkable young woman.
She's special.
Yeah, she is.

WELLS: [WELLS CHUCKLES] Cisco... ...don't you ever...
...do anything like that again.Do you understand me?
Yes, sir.
-Hey, Dad.-Hey.
If you're looking for Eddie,he's in Evidence.
I am looking for you.
I came to apologize again.
[JOE CHUCKLES]
You're really trying to hitthat magic number, aren't you?
Look, Dad...
...I just want you to knowthere is nothing that you could do...
...that would ever changethe way I look at you.
And I'm sorry. I should've thoughthow it would affect you if Eddie and I--
Listen.
Chasing down this Snart character tonight...
...he had the draw on me.
Eddie saved my life.
Maybe I underestimated him.
From now on, no more secrets.
No more secrets.
-Well, go see Eddie.-Heh, okay.
Thank him for watching outfor your old man.
[YELPS]
-Did I just yelp?-Ha, ha. Yeah.
-I yelped.-I'm sorry, I didn't mean to scare you.
-Don't tell me you're here to save me.-This is still one of the safest ways to travel.
I thought that was airplanes.
[CHUCKLES]
Remember you told me you hada little experience...
...liking somebody who didn't see youthe same way?
That was Iris, right?
How did you know?
It's the little things.
The way you linger on herwhen she isn't looking.
The smile you fake to play the part.
Quiet dreams you keep to yourself.
Like you and Oliver.
Takes one to know one.
[CHUCKLES]
I'm afraid it'll change everything.
It will.
But maybe that's not such a bad thing.
What is wrong with us?We are perfectly perfect for each other.
Yet we're sitting herepining for people we can't have.
Guess what they say is true.
Opposites do attract.
If you ever need anything,I will race over in a heartbeat.
Same. Well, as fast as I can run.
Which may take me a while,but I will still come.
Bye, Felicity.
Bye, Barry.
BARRY:Whoo-hoo!
SNART: I know it's been a whilesince we pulled that job.
I know it didn't go so well for you.
And I know I said we were finished,but things have changed.
If I wanna keep working in Central City,I'm gonna need a new kind of crew.
I'm gonna need someone like you.
You're tolerant of extremes,you have certain skills.
You just need some direction.
And I can give that to you.
You still like playing with fire?
You're gonna love this.
So...
...are you in, Mick, or are you out?
[MICK CHUCKLES]
MICK:Yeah, buddy, I'm in.
