BARRY: This is the part where I'm supposed to do the whole intro thingy. 
Barry Allen, fastest man alive, but you know all that already. 

All right, let's get to the good stuff.  

You see that smoke? That's a fire on Western and Third in downtown Central City.

[GLASS SHATTERS]

And that blur? That's me on my way to it. I'm going 352 miles an hour. And it's a slow day.

A Firefighter: This is Ladder 52. We're still at least two minutes out.

MAN [OVER RADIO]: People are gonna die. 

A Firefighter: I know.

CISCO [OVER COMM]:  Barry. Barry.

BARRY: What? Did I miss it?

CISCO: You overshot by about six blocks.

BARRY: My bad.

A Lady: Paige. My daughter. Has anyone seen my daughter? Paige.

CISCO: You there yet?

CAITLIN: What are you doing? Who are you talking to?

CISCO: No one.

CAITLIN: Are you talking to Barry?

CISCO: Who? Barry Allen? 

CAITLIN: Struck by lightning, in a coma for nine months... able to run faster than the speed of sound? Ring a bell?

CISCO: Nope, haven't talked to him. 

BARRY: Cisco, there's fire everywhere. Cisco, are you still there?

The lady's daughter: Mom? Mommy? Mommy.

[SIRENS WAILING]

BARRY: Everybody's out. What else you got for me, Cisco?

CAITLIN: Barry, it's Caitlin.

BARRY: Hey, Caitlin. How's your day?

CAITLIN: Get back to S.T.A.R. Labs. Now.

BARRY: On my way. [GROANS]

CAITLIN: Have you both lost your minds? Who do you think you are?

CISCO: Well, I'm the eyes and ears, and he's the feet.

CAITLIN: This isn't funny. You could have gotten yourself killed. You can't be running around the city like some supersonic fireman.

BARRY: Why not? This is what we talked about. Me using my speed to do good.

CAITLIN: We talked about you helping contain people..., ...who have been affected by the particle accelerator explosion. Meta-humans. And aside from Clyde Mardon, we haven't found any.

BARRY: People in the city still need help. And I can help them.

We can help them.

Will you please say something?
I think what Caitlin is saying, in her own spectacularly angry way...
...is we're just beginning to understand what your body is capable of.
Not to sound like a broken record, Mr. Allen...
...I do caution restraint.
Dr. Wells, I doubt restraint is how you got to be the man you are today.
In a wheelchair and a pariah.
Lack of restraintis what made me these things.
Know your limits.
Don't expect me to patch you up every time you break something.
Hey, uh, anything happen out there today?
The sensors in the suit were kicking back weird telemetry.
Your vitals spiked for a few seconds.
Never felt better.
[PHONE BUZZING]
-Hey, Joe, everything all right?-Great.
I got a fresh crime scene, a dead body,detectives interviewing witnesses.
JOE: Yellow tape stretched over everything.I'm missing one thing.
-Can you guess what that is?-I'll be right there.
My day job beckons.
When do you think he'll realize he didn't take his clothes?
BARRY:Hmm.
JOE:Perp made off with a bunch of handguns.
At least six Glock-19sfitted with extra ammunition magazines.
Somebody's looking to do a lot of bad.
Hey. Sorry I'm late.
Doing a little Fall shopping?
Oh, heh, I was going so fast this morning,I didn't even notice.
Yeah.
I downloaded surveillance footageoff the video camera.
[GUNFIRE ON VIDEO]
Looks like only one perp.
Footage may only show one,but it was six guys.
Look, the tracks.They're all crossing each other.
Six sets of footprints. Six guns stolen.We should be looking for a crew.
Huh.
Weird. The shoes.Looks like they're all the same size.
Men's 10s, I'd guess.
Just like you, captain.Not that you're a suspect, sir.
Your ability to multitask is remarkable.The way you can embarrass me...
...the captain, and yourself,at the same time.
-Joe, I'm sorry.-I'm starting to think, "Joe, I'm sorry"...
...is my actual nameconsidering how often you say it to me.
-I'm dealing with a lot right now.-Look, I know you are.
Believe me, I'm dealing with it too.I've always had a very simple set of beliefs.
Gravity makes things fall.Water makes things wet.
Until a few weeks ago, I believed the fastestman could run a mile in four minutes.
-Not four seconds.-I can do it in three.
-Not relevant.-You haven't said anything to Iris, have you?
No, I made a promise. I keep my promises.
Keep on lying. You're liableto get struck by lightning. Get to the lab.
Start processing the evidencefrom the gun store.
[TIRES SCREECH]
-Hey, Iris.-Did Barry run away again?
Unless that's oneof your homework questions...
...it's none of your business.Go to your room.
-I want to see my dad.-I already said no, Barry.
He didn't do those things.He didn't hurt my mom.
I was there that night. I saw.There was a man.
Yeah, I know.We've gone through this already.
Then why can't I go see him?
Because I said so.
You're not my father.You can't tell me what to do.
Right now I'm the only adultthat gives a damn what happens to you.
So, yes, I can tell you what to do.
-Now go to your room.-I hate you.
[CHUCKLES]
This is your fault.I could've taken European Folklore...
...to cover my sociology requirement,but no.
You said, "Take Journalism, Iris.Reporters have all of the fun."
Guess what, Barry?Reporters have none of the fun.
Journalism is boring. I'm bored.I blame you.
What? Why are you staring at me like that?
You look really nice.
Thanks. Why don't you look nice?
This afternoon? Suit and tie?
-The university is giving Simon Stagg---Simon Stagg--
-Some award. You agreed---To explain the science in your article.
-It's all coming back to me now.-How fast can you get home and change?
Uh, pretty fast.
Allen, Joe asked me to see where you're aton the evidence from the gun store shooting.
-Oh, hey, Iris.-Detective.
Please, guys, uh, just kiss already.I already know, remember?
Ugh, thanks for beingso cool about this, Barry.
I know it's not easy keeping a big secret.
I'm getting used to it.
[AUDIENCE APPLAUDING]
STAGG:I find it quite remarkable...
...having once been a timid freshman...
...to be standing before youthe Regents choice for Man of the Year.
While I very much appreciate the award...
...the real honor for me is knowingthat my work in organ transference...
...helps give people a second chance at life.Thank you all very much for coming.
Okay, all right, first things first.
Simon Stagg's work in cellular cloning...
...has led to huge advancementsin organ replacement.
-Are journalists allowed to drink on the job?-If you are bored...
...wait until we get to the sciencebehind cellular regeneration.
I have missed this, Barry.
We haven't spent time togethersince you woke up from the coma.
Yeah, I've had a crazy few weeks. I know.
I thought maybe you'd been avoiding mebecause of Eddie.
I know you think it's wrong,me dating my dad's partner and--
No, that is not it. At all.
Oh. Oh. Mr. Stagg, I was wonderingif I could get a quote from you.
Not now, miss.
I'll just make something up.
So, what were you gonna tell me?You were about to say something.
[GUNFIRE, PEOPLE SCREAMING]
Quiet down, all of you.
Quiet.
How considerate.You're all wearing your finest jewelry.
Almost like you knewwe were coming to rob you.
Now everybody line up.
Don't.
GUARD:Freeze.
Drop your weapons.
[PANTING]
Barry. Barry. Barry.
I turned around and you were gone.What happened? Are you okay?
Yeah. Yeah, I'm fine.
I went after them to try to get the plates.
And I fainted.
-Hi.-Iris.
-Where were you?IRIS: Dad, go easy.
I found him outside. He fainted.
You want me to get you a paramedic,Allen?
No, I'm fine. Thanks, Eddie.
I thought I was dead.I saw the gun go off and then boom.
Suddenly, I'm outside.I have no idea how I got there.
Let me talk to you for a second.
Yeah.
-You chased those gunmen?-They must be the same guys...
-...that knocked over the gun shop.-What were you going to do...
...when you caught them, huh?
Ask them nicely to pull over?You're not bulletproof.
Wait, are you?
-No.-Okay. No more heroics.
Chasing bad guys is not your job.It's mine. You're not a cop.
-Promise me.-Promise.
And you know Iris is not stupid.Start making better excuses than "I fainted."
CAITLIN:You lied to us.
How could you not tell usyou're experiencing dizzy spells?
We're your doctors.
God knowswhat's going on inside your body.
Your cells are in a constant state of flux.
You could be experiencing cardiopulmonaryfailure, or a transient ischemic attack.
Mini-stroke. Probably not.
You, of all people, should knowthat in science, we share.
We do not keep secrets.
Wow, I haven't seen anyonemake her that angry since Ronnie.
Ronnie was Caitlin's fiancé?
The one that diedthe night of the accelerator explosion?
Yeah, he is missed.
Now, let's figure outwhy this is happening to you.
We're all set.
-A little padding. Just in case.-Yeah.
You sure about this, Cisco?
Most home treadmills...
...have a maximum speedof about 12 miles per hour.
This one has been Cisco'ed.Trust me, it can handle your speed.
Okay.
Heart rate, blood pressure,nerve conduction all normal.
For Barry.
CAITLIN:Brainwave function within standard limits.
Heh. Told you the treadmill could take it.
Caitlin, look at the glucose levels.
-Oh, my God. Of course.-Right?
CAITLIN: It was so obvious.WELLS: Glucose.
Barry, we think we know why you keep--
[BARRY THUDS]
Passing out.
Barry.
Where's Barry?
Taking a shower.
At 3:00 in the afternoon?
If I go up those stairs,am I gonna see Barry...
...or are you gonna be groundedfor lying to me?
I'm sorry, Daddy.But don't worry, I know where he went.
Me too.
-I passed out again?-Total metabolic failure...
...brought on by acute hypoglycemia.
I'm not eating enough.So an I.V. bag and I'm good to go.
[CISCO SCOFFS]
Try 40. Guess you were thirsty.
We're gonna need to fashion you a dietbased on your metabolic changes.
CISCO:I've done a few calculations.
You need to consume an amount equalto roughly 850 tacos.
Unless we're talking cheese and guac,which is like a whole other set of equations.
For Mexican, I recommend Tito'son Bruckner Avenue.
Best burrito in the city.
Detective West, what brings youto S.T.A.R. Labs?
When I couldn't find you at your lab,I started doing a little research.
Turns out, there's been reportsof a red streak around the city.
Stopping muggers.Rescuing people from burning buildings.
You...
...didn't tell him we were working together.
Joe, I can explain.
You already have a jobin law enforcement, Barry.
-I suggest you get back to it.-Mm-hm.
Don't look at me. I'm on your side.
Detective, we all want what's best for Barry.
If you wanted what was best for Barry,you'd talk him out of this...
...instead of encouraging himgoing out there risking his life.
You saw a man control the weather.
What are the police gonna doagainst someone like that?
Since the accelerator explosion,we suspect there may more like him.
And you're gonna do what? Catch them?
Are you insane?
You think because you can run real fastthat you're invincible? You're not.
You're just a kid. My kid.
I'm not your kid, Joe.
And you're not my father.
My father is sitting in Iron Heights.Wrongfully convicted.
You were wrong about him.
And you're wrong about this.
Now, I may not be able to help him...
...but if I can save someonefrom a burning building...
...or stop some armed thieves,I'm gonna do it.
And you can't stop me.
So don't try.
You think you're so smart.
All of you.
But you don't know what you don't know.
And I hope that you're clever enoughto figure it out before somebody gets killed.
Where's the rest of your crew?
Just me.
-What do you want?-The only thing I still want in life.
Your boss dead.
It's not my fault your team moved too slow.
I told you were Stagg would be,not how long.
I need his full itineraryand security access to his office and home.
Screw you.I've got a reputation in the security business.
It's one thing if my employer gets iced.It's another if it happens in his bedroom.
You'll do what I ask, Mr. Java.
[BLACK GRUNTS]
What the hell are you gonna do to mewithout your army?
[GROANING]
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
I am an army.
[GRUNTING]
Come to yell at me again?
Simon Stagg's head of securitywas murdered last night.
The coroner took some skin samples.Hopefully they belong to the killer.
See if you can find a match.
Can't be a coincidenceStagg's benefit was attacked.
-Going to interview Stagg now.-I'll come with you.
Your job is in here. Stay in here and do it.
IRIS: Hi, Dad.JOE: Hey, baby.
Gotta go.
Why is my dad mad at you?
Work stuff.
Why are you mad at me?
You were supposed to meet me at Jitters...
...to give me scientific backgroundfor my article.
-And I didn't show up.-I have to come up with a new topic...
-...in 24 hours or I fail the assignment.-Iris--
Don't say that you're sorry.Okay? I know that you are.
What I don't knowis what is going on with you.
We grew up one bedroom downfrom each other.
Do you honestly think that I don't knowwhen you're happy...
...or sad, or depressed, or lost?
I'm gonna ask you one last time, Barry,and you better be honest with me.
What the--
You want to know what's happening.I'm fast now.
And, God, I just want to tell you.
How I feel. How you make me feel.
But I can't.
--hell is going on with you?
[MACHINE BEEPS]
We are not done talking about this.
Impossible. There was a murder.
These skill cells belong to the murderer,but these are naive.
Stem cells. They can replicateand become any cell the body needs.
They only come from babies.
This means your killer is what, a newborn?
STAGG: You honestly thinksomeone wants to kill me?
We're not sure, Mr. Stagg. But the eventyou were being honored at was robbed.
And your head of securitywas found murdered this morning.
I am a scientist and a philanthropist.We're not often the targets of assassins.
What about lawsuits?You've got about 20 of those pending.
Yeah, it is a sad fact of life, detective,that when you earn a lot of money...
...people who haven'tthink they can take yours.
People like this guy, for example?Danton Black?
Danton Black.
JOE:You fired him. Now he's suing you.
Unfortunately, our working relationshipwasn't successful.
But I can assure you both of one thing.
Danton Black is not a killer.
STAGG: He's a clinical researcher,not a criminal mastermind.
Now, if I can help you in any way,please let me know.
-I want these people caught as much as you.BLACK: Then here we are.
Down.
Head down.
MAN [OVER RADIO]:Additional units are on the way.
[ALL CHATTERING]
-Captain, what's going on?-Not now.
An armed gunman'sshooting up Stagg Industries.
Joe's there.
Get him out of here. I'll cover you.Ready? Go.
[GRUNTS]
[GROANS]
-Go.-No.
-Whoever you are, give yourself up.-Sorry.
We're not going anywhere.
Until Simon Stagg is dead.
[GRUNTING]
[GRUNTING]
[GRUNTING]
[GROANING]
[PANTING]
Sorry. The abrasionsare already rapidly healing.
Yeah, I got my ass handed to me.
You got blood on my suit.
I think some of it belongs to him.
Another not-so-friendly meta-human.
WELLS:Danton Black.
A bio-geneticist.Specialized in therapeutic cloning.
-Growing new organs to replace failing ones.-Stagg stole his research and then fired him.
I saw Black create duplicatesfrom his own body.
That's pretty ironic.The guy specialized in cloning.
And now he can make Xeroxes of himself.
If he was experimenting on himselfwhen exposed to the dark matter wave...
...released by the accelerator explosion--
Meet Captain Clone.
Don't worry.I'll come up with something cooler.
Where are you going?
Joe was right.
I'm in way over my head.Yeah, I'm fast, but I am no warrior.
I could barely fight one meta-human,let alone six.
WELLS:Barry...
...I understand.
Today was a setback.But any grand enterprise has them.
And we can never learn to flywithout crashing a few times.
This wasn't a grand enterprise, Dr. Wells.
This was a mistake.
[DOOR BUZZES]
Dad.
Sorry, no physical contact.
Five minutes, Allen.
Sit down, son.
Barry, how did you get here?
I ran here. Joe wouldn't bring me.He wouldn't let me see you.
-I hate him.-No. No. Don't say that.
It isn't Joe...
...that doesn't want you to come here.
I don't want you to come here.I don't want you to see me like this.
You have to let him go. My dad didn'tdo these things. He didn't hurt my mom.
The man in the lightning.The lightning man killed my mom.
-Barry, look at me. Look at me.-Not my dad.
You can't help me.
Now Joe is gonna look after youuntil I can get out of here.
You just...
...be the good boythat your mom and I know you are.
Dad.
Dad.
[PANTING]
WOMAN [ON TV]:Detective, was the gunman apprehended?
EDDIE [ON TV]:The shooter's whereabouts are unknown.
We consider him armed and dangerous.Thank you. No more questions.
Nice work, Eddie.
Yeah. Right place. Right time.
No, you were a hero today.
C.C.P.D. still has a killer on the loose.I should get back to the precinct.
Bye.
IRIS:So did you come here for caffeine?
Or are you gonna tell mewhat's going on with you?
Mr. Stagg, I wish you would reconsiderour offer for protective custody.
Danton Black has provenhe is willing to kill, and he's got...
...friends, and trust me,they're all dangerous.
I've increased my security, detective.
I hope Black comes looking for trouble,because he'll find plenty.
Spoken like a true philanthropist.Or is it humanitarian?
Sorry, I can never rememberwhich one you're pretending to be, Simon.
Harrison.
-Don't get up.-Ha, ha.
Another fan of yours, doctor?
Can we talk, detective?
So you were right.
Barry's not the only one who's special.
This guy that triedto kill Simon Stagg today, he could--
Replicate spontaneously.
Yeah, we know.
Did you know about Barry?
When he was first in his coma...
...you came to the hospital...
...and you asked meif you could take him to S.T.A.R. Labs.
Did you know what he could do?
-Heh.-Heh.
I had my suspicions that he was...
...affected.
-Mm-hm.-Hey, Joe.
I was never looking to become...
...a senior memberof a secret crime-fighting unit.
You and I both know, we are the only onesequipped to protect Central City.
Maybe I'm more interestedin protecting Barry.
But he's set to fly into the fireright along with you.
No, he's not.
Not anymore. He quit. He didn't tell you?
I haven't seen him.
I'm sure it's only temporary.
From what I know of Barry,when he sets his mind to something...
...no one's gonna talk him out of it,but the next time he suits up...
...runs headlong into danger, he will fail.
Why?
He doesn't think he's capable.
Doubt...
...is his real enemy, Joe.
Not whatever's lurking out there.
And as long as you continue to doubt him,he'll keep doubting himself.
And for the record, I care about him too.
Guess you were hungry.
Stress eating.
I came to say I'm sorry.And you're right, I have been distant.
-Correct.-Kind of a jerk.
You should apologize more often.You are sensational at it.
So, what were you gonna tell methe other day?
I thought I had to do something.Something I thought was important.
But it turns out that I'm not very good at it.
But what I am good at is being your friend.
So if you need helpwith a new topic for your article--
I found one.Something that actually interests me.
I know this is gonna sound crazy.
It's been all over the internet this week.
At a building fire. At a bank heist.
When those robbersshot at the security guard...
...he said he was whooshed outside.
-Something out there is saving people.-I thought you were taking Journalism.
Not Science Fiction Writing.
Since I have known you,you have believed in the impossible.
What if you were rightabout the night that your mom died?
[PHONE BUZZES]
Look, I told you. I'm through.
I know, but you needto get to S.T.A.R. Labs right now.
-Barry, it's okay.-It is not okay. Black is here and he's...
...just standing there. That's not him, is it?
It's one of his replicates.
-How did you get it?-I grew him.
I isolated a sampleof Black's blood from your suit...
...to see if I could triggerthe in vitro cultivation process...
...and learn how Black multiplies.
So I exposed the target cells to a protein geland they began replicating into that.
Why doesn't he--? It doing anything?
We did a brain scan. Involuntary motorfunctions are active. Little else.
-We think it's acting as a receiver.-The clones are an empty shell without Black.
Shut down the real Blackand you might shut them all down.
How do we know which one's Black?
That occurred to megiven your passing out.
Black has limits, just like you.Controlling all of those clones must require...
...a tremendous amount of physical strength.
So look for the one showing signsof weakness or fatigue. He's the prime.
Just a theory, but one you mightwant to put to the test, Mr. Allen.
I whipped up these high calorie protein barsfor you to keep your metabolism up.
-Unh.-Aah!
[GUNFIRE]
-Any more of them?-Nope.
-Why did it start moving?-The prime.
The prime is on the move.This heard the summons.
And I know where he was summoned to.Stagg Industries.
You should call it in.
Police can't fight this.
What Black's become, like Mardon...
...beyond me. Maybe way beyond them too.
The only person it's not beyond is you.
You gotta do this. I get it.
So for once in your life,do what I tell you to do.
Go stop him.
STAGG:Just get me those figures by morning, okay?
GUARD:Freeze. Don't move!
[GUNFIRE]
-Hello, Danton.-Goodbye, Simon.
Stay here.
I know Stagg stole your research,but that doesn't give you the right to murder.
[GRUNTING]
You think this is about my job?
[GRUNTING]
This is about Elizabeth.
She was my wife.
She had a degenerative coronary disease.
She'd been on the transplant list for years,but time was running out.
-So if I couldn't get her a new heart---You were gonna grow her one.
I was so close until Stagg stole my researchso he could reap the glory.
And I got to bury my best friend.
Now...
...I'm alone.
[GRUNTING]
Remember, Barry. Find the prime.
There's too many of them to fight.
-Barry, you need to isolate the prime.BARRY: I can't.
It's impossible.
Nothing's impossible, Barry.You taught me that. You can do this.
[BARRY GRUNTS]
[CHUCKLES]
JOE [OVER COMM]:Barry.
-Barry, are you all right?-I'm fine.
BARRY:I'm fine.
It's done.
Hang on.
No.
[GROANS]
-Don't.-Unh!
MAN [ON TV]:Central City police officials...
...are now confirmingformer employee Danton Black....
-I tried to save him.-Doesn't sound like he wanted to be saved.
Some people, when they break...
...they can't be put together again.
Some people heal even stronger.
I hope so.
Well, at least Multiplexwon't be able to hurt anyone else.
Told you I'd come up with a cool name.
I may be the one in the suitdoing all the running...
...but when I'm out there helping people,making a difference...
...you're all out there with me.
Finally realized something.
We were all struck by that lightning.
JOE:Hungry?
Pepperoni. Olives.
And jalapenos. Just like you like it.
Thank you.
You were wrong.
I have been wrong a lot this week.You're gonna have to be specific.
You said that one of the thingsdriving you...
...to run around out therewas that you couldn't help your dad.
You can help him.
We can.
We're gonna figure out who or whatkilled your mother that night.
And then we're gonnaget your father out of prison.
Together.
Joe, what I said about younot being my father....
Barry, I know. I know I'm not your father.
You're right, you're not.
You're just the manwho kept me fed and in clothes...
...who sat beside my bed at night untilI fell asleep because I was afraid of the dark...
...helped me with my homework.
You taught me how to drive and shave...
...and you dropped me off at college.
Sounds a lot like a dad to me.
BARRY:Every kid dreams of being a superhero.
Having powers. Saving people.
But no kid thinks about what it's like whenyou're a hero and you're not saving people.
Truth is, not much else changes.You still hurt. You still love.
You still wish, and hope, and fear things.
You still need people to help you with all of it.In some ways, that's the best part.
Barry, an armored carwas just hijacked on Griffen Avenue.
-Get your ass over there.BARRY [OVER COMM]: I got it.
BARRY:Actually, the best part, it's this:
Wells. Who the hell let you in here?
You been having a party out there?
Oh, I'm sure you saw on TV.Former employee of mine tried to kill me.
Former employeewith the ability to replicate...
...faced off against a manwho could move at super speed.
You've seen him too, haven't you?
-Indeed, I have.-Extraordinary.
The power he possesses.
It's like the-- It's like the gods of old.Like Mercury on Earth.
Can you imagine if you couldcontrol his power, if you could harness it...
...you could changewhat it means to be human.
The man in the red mask is the key.And I'm gonna get him.
The man in the red mask...
...he's called the Flash.
Or at least...
...he will be, one day.
What the hell?
[GRUNTS]
Forgive me, Simon.
I'm worried you'll thinkthis is personal. It's not.
It's just that the man in the red mask...
...the fastest man alive...
...he must be kept...
...safe.

